Document versioned endpoint behavior for PrivateLink setup (#16378)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/guide/private-link.md

8. Click on the VPC endpoint ID to check its status.
9. Wait for the status to move from _Pending_ to _Available_. This can take up to 10 minutes.

> 10. Once this is created, route traffic from another region to send the data to Datadog using private link. For more information, see the [Work With VPC Peering connections][2] AWS documentation.

Author: Updated the wording to match most of this suggestion. (PrivateLink is not used to route traffic from another region, but instead VPC peering.)

> 10. Once this is created, route traffic from another region to send the data to Datadog using private link. For more information, see the [Work With VPC Peering connections][2] AWS documentation.

Author: How about this?
```
After creating the endpoint, use VPC peering to make the PrivateLink endpoint available in another region to send telemetry to Datadog over PrivateLink. For more information, see the [Work With VPC Peering connections][2] page in AWS.
```

> 10. Once this is created, route traffic from another region to send the data to Datadog using private link. For more information, see the [Work With VPC Peering connections][2] AWS documentation.

Reviewer: Thanks for confirming, sounds good to me!

>     **Note**: To retrieve your DNS name, see the [View endpoint service private DNS name configuration documentation.][2]
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Notes**: 
      - To retrieve your DNS name, see the [View endpoint service private DNS name configuration documentation.][2]

```

>     **Note**: The agent sends telemetry to versioned endpoints e.g. `<version>-app.agent.datadoghq.com` which resolves to `metrics.agent.datadoghq.com` via a CNAME alias. Therefore, you only need to set up a private hosted zone for `metrics.agent.datadoghq.com`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Note**: The Agent sends telemetry to versioned endpoints, for example, `<version>-app.agent.datadoghq.com` which resolves to `metrics.agent.datadoghq.com` through a CNAME alias. Therefore, you only need to set up a private hosted zone for `metrics.agent.datadoghq.com`.
```
